v0.21: Dumps (#1054)
meilisearch/documentation: create/how_to/updating.md

### Step 1: Set all fields as displayed attributes

::: note

> This step is not mandatory when creating dumps in MeiliSearch v0.21 and above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This step is not necessary if you created a dump using MeiliSearch v0.21.0 and later.
```

> This step is not mandatory when creating dumps in MeiliSearch v0.21 and above.

Reviewer: More than "not mandatory", it's completely useless and non-productive for the users. I would say "not necessary" or a synonym :)

Reviewer 2: I'll even Write, `if your dump was created in MeiliSearch v0.21 or above, continue to step 2` or something similar

Reviewer: I like the Caro's suggestion

Author: ```suggestion
If your dump was created in MeiliSearch v0.21 or or above, continue to step 2.
```

:::

> 

Reviewer: this whole step was added due to a bug that is now fixed in v0.21.0 :)

Reviewer: I think you can completely delete this part

Reviewer: You don't need to put your attributes as displayed anymore.

Author: As discussed, we will keep this note and the first step as they are for users migrating from v0.20 to v0.21.

We will probably replace both with a very short note in a future release.
